export
export $DONTEXIST
export | grep "HOME"
export ""
export =
export %
export $?
export ?=2
export 9HOLA=
export HOL@=bonjour
export HOL\~A=bonjour
export -HOLA=bonjour
export --HOLA=bonjour
export HOLA-=bonjour
export HO-LA=bonjour
export HOL.A=bonjour
export HOL\\\$A=bonjour
export HO\\\\LA=bonjour
export HOL}A=bonjour
export HOL{A=bonjour
export HO*LA=bonjour
export HO#LA=bonjour
export HO@LA=bonjour
export HO!LA=bonjour
export +HOLA=bonjour
export HOL+A=bonjour
export HOLA =bonjour
export HOLA = bonjour
export HOLA=bon(jour
export HOLA=bon()jour
export HOLA=bon&jour
export HOLA=bon!jour
export ""=""
export ''=''
export "="="="
export '='='='
